OH, THIS LOOKS SO GOOD.
I AM STARVING.
OH, RAE!
RAE...
DO YOU SEE WHAT I SEE?
AHH--AHH-AHH.
I SEE THAT I AM NOT EATING.
RAE, BUT LOOK, OVER THERE.
LOOK, TALKING TO YOUR DAD.
Eddie: OH, MAN,
THAT'S RODNEY RIVERS,
THE MORNING DJ ON KFOO.
HEY, DAD,
WHAT IS RODNEY RIVERS
DOING HERE?
OH, HE'S HOSTING
A NEW TEEN DATING SHOW,
AND THEY'RE GOING TO
SHOOT PART OF THE SHOW
HERE
AT THE CHILL GRILL.
OH, MAN, ANOTHER CHEESY
DATING SHOW?
WHAT IS THIS ONE ABOUT?
4 GIRLS COMPETE
FOR A DATE WITH ONE GUY.
Chelsea: I DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHY PEOPLE
WOULD WANT TO EMBARRASS
THEMSELVES LIKE THAT.
YEAH, RIGHT.
Rivers: HEY, SAN FRANCISCO!
IT'S YOUR VERY OWN TEEN
DATING SHOW,TERMIDATE.
SO JOIN ME, RODNEY RIVERS,
LIVE TOMORROW NIGHT
TO FIND OUT
WHO WILL WIN A DREAM DATE
WITH OUR HUNKY HEARTTHROB
CHAD.
WILL IT BE CRYSTAL?
CLAUDIA?
CHELSEA?
OR RAVEN?
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ IF YOU COULD GAZE
INTO THE FUTURE ♪
♪ FUTURE, FUTURE ♪
♪ YOU MIGHT THINK
LIFE WOULD BE A BREEZE ♪
♪ LIFE IS A BREEZE ♪
♪ SEEING TROUBLE
FROM A DISTANCE ♪
♪ YEAH, GO, RAE ♪
♪ BUT IT'S NOT THAT EASY ♪
♪ OH, NO, TAKE IT
TO THE BRIDGE NOW ♪
♪ I TRY TO SAVE THE SITUATION,
THEN I END UP MISBEHAVING ♪
♪ HEY, NOW, SAY, NOW,
'BOUT TO BREAK DOWN ♪
♪ YEAH, COME ON AND
RIDE WITH THE RAE, HEY ♪
♪ AND IF THE FUTURE
LOOKS GRAY NOW ♪
♪ THEN EVERYTHING'S
GONNA CHANGE NOW ♪
♪ ALL RIGHT, KEEP IT GOING ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS TO ME ♪
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
ABC CABLE NETWORKS GROUP
♪ IT'S THE FUTURE
I CAN SEE ♪
♪ THAT'S SO RAVEN ♪
♪ IT'S SO MYSTERIOUS
TO ME, YEAH ♪
♪ YEP, THAT'S ME ♪
OH, MY GOSH.
WOULD YOU GUYS LOOK AT
ALL THESE CAMERAS AND LIGHTS?
HOW DO I LOOK?
YOU LOOK GREAT, EDDIE,
BUT, UM, HEY, YOU'RE
NOT ON THE SHOW. WE ARE.
WHATEVER, RAE.
THIS IS MY BIG CHANCE
TO BREAK INTO SHOW BIZ.
OK NOW, I'M GOING TO GO
MAKE MY BIG MOVE.
AND SO ALL THE KIDS
ON THE SHOW CAN WEAR
THESE REALLY COOL
CHILL GRILL T-SHIRTS.
NO.
EXCUSE ME,
MR. RIVERS.
CAN I HOLLER AT YOU
FOR A MINUTE?
HOLLER, YES. TOUCH, NO.
YEAH, WELL,
I'M EDDIE THOMAS
AND I'VE ALWAYS DREAMED
OF BEING IN SHOW BUSINESS.
WELL, SON, I'M ABOUT TO MAKE
YOUR DREAM COME TRUE.
[SNORTS]
REALLY?
IT'S JUST THAT EASY?
YEP, SO WHY
DON'T WE CELEBRATE?
HOW ABOUT
A CUP OF COFFEE
AND A DOUGHNUT?
[SIGHS]
MY BIG BREAK...
AND A DOUGHNUT?
ACTUALLY, IT'S FOR ME.
EVERYTHING YOU DO
FROM NOW ON,
WILL BE FOR ME.
IT'S CALLED WORKING...
FOR ME.
OH, OH...
I GOT YOU. YEAH, MAN.
I MEAN, EVERYBODY GOT
TO START FROM SOMEWHERE.
I MEAN TODAY, DOUGHNUTS;
TOMORROW...
BAGELS.
MAKE SURE
THEY'RE FRESH, KID.
CHELSEA, LOOK.
THERE IS OUR COMPETITION.
CRYSTAL AND CLAUDIA.
Chelsea: RAE,
IT'S NOT
ABOUT COMPETITION.
COME ON...IF WE'RE GOING
TO PLAY THIS GAME, RAE,
LET'S TAKE
THE HIGH ROAD, OK?
HELLO, LOSERS.
OH, THAT IS IT!
YOU ARE GOING DOWN!
HEY THERE!
CALM IT DOWN,
CALM IT DOWN. CHELSEA.
THE HIGH ROAD,
THE HIGH ONE UP THERE.
I'M SORRY, RAE,
BUT I'M TAKING A DETOUR.
NO.
WHAT IS CHELSEA REALLY LIKE?
CHELSEA IS SUCH A LOSER.
AND THAT'S COMING
FROM MY HEART.
CHELS...
UM, HEY, GIRL...
WHAT IF IT'S NOT
SUCH A GOOD IDEA
IF WE GO
ON THE SHOW?
RAE, COME ON,
YOU SAID YOU WERE INTO THIS.
BUT, CHELS, LISTEN:
WHAT IF ONE OF US
GETS CAUGHT UP
AND SAYS MEAN STUFF
ABOUT THE OTHER ONE?
OH, I GET IT.
JUST 'CAUSE I GET A LITTLE
COMPETITIVE SOMETIMES, RAE,
DON'T WORRY, OK,
'CAUSE I WOULD NEVER,
EVER SAY ANYTHING BAD
ABOUT YOU, OK?
OK, YOU SILLY.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
YEAH.
YOU'RE NOT THE ONE
I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
LOOK AT ME,
I'M IN SHOW BUSINESS.
SLOW YOUR ROLL,
MR. HOLLYWOOD.
I HAVE
A PROBLEM.
I JUST HAD A VISION
THAT I WAS ON THE SHOW
AND I GOT REALLY UGLY.
WELL, WE GOT MAKEUP PEOPLE
FOR THAT, RAE.
NO, EDDIE.
IT WASN'T ABOUT
HOW I LOOKED.
IT WAS ABOUT I SAID.
I TURNED ON CHELSEA
AND CALLED HER A LOSER.
THEN DON'T CALL HER
A LOSER, RAE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I HAVE TO STAY POSITIVE.
I HAVE TO TAKE
THE HIGH ROAD
AND WATCH WHAT I SAY
SO I DON'T SAY ANYTHING
MEAN ABOUT CHELSEA
THAT WILL RUIN
OUR FRIENDSHIP.
THANKS, EDDIE.
YEAH, WHATEVER,
JUST DON'T CALL HER A LOSER.
HONEY...HURRY UP.
WE'RE GOING TO BE LATE
FOR THE WEDDING.
I'M COMING, I'M COMING.
CORY, IS MRS. WILSON
HERE YET?
NO...AND I DON'T NEED
A BABY-SITTER ANYWAY.
I'M NOT A BABY.
ALL Y'ALL DOING IS
PAYING FOR SOMEBODY
TO WATCH ME WATCH TV.
CORY, WE JUST DON'T THINK
YOU'RE READY TO STAY HOME
ALONE.
AM TOO, AM TOO, AM TOO!
AND THAT'S HOW I USED TO ACT
BEFORE I WAS OLD ENOUGH
TO STAY HOME ALONE.
GIVE IT UP, CORY.
FINE.
TREAT ME LIKE A BABY.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
HELLO?
OH, HI, MRS. WILSON.
YOUCAN'T MAKE IT?
ALL RIGHT!
I MEAN, GET WELL SOON.
OH, NO, NO, DON'T WORRY.
I'LL TELL THEM.
TELL US WHAT?
OH, THAT WAS MRS. WILSON.
SHE'S, UH, STUCK IN TRAFFIC.
YEAH, SHE'LL BE HERE
IN 5 MINUTES. DON'T WORRY.
SON, ARE YOU
GOING TO BE OK
BY YOURSELF
UNTIL SHE GETS HERE?
OH, YEAH.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME,
DAD, I'LL BE FINE.
WELL, WE HAVE OUR
CELL PHONES WITH US.
DON'T OPEN THE DOOR
FOR ANYBODY BUT MRS. WILSON.
I GOT IT, I GOT IT.
YOU KIDS HAVE FUN NOW,
YOU HEAR?
ALL RIGHT.
THE WHOLE HOUSE TO MYSELF.
ANNOUNCER: IT'S TIME FOR
SAN FRANCISCO'S HOTTEST
NEW TEEN DATING GAME...
Audience:TERMIDATE!
WHERE OUR 4 LOVELY
YOUNG LADIES...
WILL COMPETE
FOR A DREAM DATE
WITH OUR HOT AND HUNKY
HANDSOME HEARTTHROB...
NOW, REMEMBER, ONLY
ONE OF THESE GIRLS
WILL END UP WITH CHAD.
THE OTHERS WILL BE...
Audience: TERMIDATED!
FABULOUS.
I JUST WANT TO SAY
A COUPLE OF WORDS
ABOUT MY FRIEND
CHELSEA--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SIT DOWN.
NO, NO.
YOU'LL HAVE PLENTY OF TIME
TO TRASH TALK LATER.
NO, I DON'T WANT
TO TRASH TALK HER.
I JUST WANT TO SAY
HOW WONDERFUL--
GO AHEAD, RELAX THERE.
AND WE'LL GET ON
WITH THE SHOW. OK!
NOW, YESTERDAY, THE LADIES
HAD A CHANCE TO IMPRESS
CHAD IN A SAN FRANCISCO
HOT SPOT, THE CHILL GRILL.
TAKE A LOOK.
HEY, DANCE WITH ME, CHAD.
NO, DANCE WITH ME, CHAD.
NO, DANCE WITH ME.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GET OUT OF HERE!
I HOPE THAT AIN'T
THAT GIRL'S REAL HAIR.
THAT WOULD BE JACKED.
HELLO, LADIES.
ALL RIGHT, NOW
IT'S TIME FOR 2 OF THESE
LOVELY YOUNG LADIES
TO BE TERMIDATED.
SO, CHAD, COME ON UP HERE
AND TELL US,
WHO'S IT GOING TO BE?
WELL, RODNEY,
THEY'RE ALL AWESOME,
BUT I'M GOING TO
HAVE TO TERMIDATE...
CLAUDIA AND CRYSTAL.
OH, YES!
IN YOUR FACES!
WHOO! WHOO! WHOO!
Rivers: CLAUDIA,
THAT MEANS
YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO TAKE
THE WALK OF SHAME.
LADIES?
YEAH, WELL,
HE AIN'T TALL THAT ANYWAY.
OK, LOOKS LIKE WE'RE DOWN
TO OUR 2 FINALISTS,
CHELSEA AND RAVEN,
WHO JUST HAPPEN TO BE
THE BEST OF FRIENDS.
YES, ACTUALLY,
WE MET IN KINDERGARTEN.
ACTUALLY, RAVEN
USED TO BRING ME THINGS
AND SEE
IF I WOULD EAT THEM.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT, CHELS?
YOU ALWAYS DID.
I SURE DID.
ISN'T THAT HEARTWARMING?
SO, CHELSEA, WHY DON'T YOU
STEP BACKSTAGE
TO OUR SOUNDPROOF ROOM
AND GIVE US A CHANCE
TO TALK TO RAVEN ALONE.
OK.
BYE, CHELS.
BYE, SWEETIE.
ALL RIGHT, RAVEN.
WHY DON'T WE
TAKE A LOOK
AT WHAT CHELSEA
HAD TO SAY
ABOUT YOU YESTERDAY
AT THE CHILL GRILL?
OK.
TAKE A LOOK.
I DON'T KNOW WHY ANY BOY
WOULD PICK RAVEN.
SHE'S A BACKSTABBER.
Audience: OOH!
A BACKSTABBER?
OOH, THAT'S COLD.
AFTER I TRIED SO HARD
TO TAKE THE HIGH ROAD
AND KEEP MY VISION FROM...
KEEP...KEEP MY VISION, UM...
KEEP MY VISION GOOD.
BECAUSE EVERYONE NEEDS
TO KEEP YOUR VISION GOOD
SO YOU CAN SEE STUFF.
THAT'S WHY I READ
IN THE LIGHT--
OK, WHY DON'T YOU FINISH
YOUR BABBLING BACKSTAGE
AND WE'LL BRING CHELSEA
BACK OUT?
ALL RIGHT. CHELSEA?
HI.
HI THERE.
COME ON IN AND HAVE A SEAT.
ALL RIGHT, CHELSEA.
NOW, WHY DON'T WE
TAKE A LOOK
AT WHAT YOUR
BEST FRIEND RAVEN
HAD TO SAY ABOUT YOU
YESTERDAY?
TAKE A LOOK.
WHAT IS CHELSEA REALLY LIKE?
CHELSEA IS SUCH A LOSER.
AND THAT'S COMING
FROM MY HEART.
WHAT?
HOW COULD SHE SAY THAT?
YEAH, I TOLD HER
NOT TO SAY IT.
I TOLD HER
TWICE.
SO IT'S GOING TO BE
LIKE THAT NOW?
WELL, I GUESS IT DOES.
AND YOU CALLME
COMPETITIVE?
OH, GIRL, YOU HAVE NOT
SEEN COMPETITIVENESS-NESS.
WELL, THEN, BRING IT.
DING DONG.
DELIVERY FOR CHELS.
IT'S BROUGHT!
OH, IT'S BROUGHT!
[BOTH SHOUTING]
OH, DON'T GO AWAY,
BECAUSE WHEN WE COME BACK,
OUR 2 BEST FRIENDS,
OR SHOULD I SAY
EX-BEST FRIENDS,
ARE GOING TO BATTLE IT OUT
IN THE CHALLENGE ROUND
WHEN WE COME BACK
TOTERMIDATE.
DON'T GO ANYWHERE.
[APPLAUSE]
ALL RIGHT, WE'RE BACK WITH
OUR 2 REMAINING TERMIDATERS,
CHELSEA AND RAVEN.
LADIES, YOU READY TO PLAY?
OH, OH, I'M READY,
BUT I AIN'T PLAYING.
YEAH, WELL, I'M PLAYING,
BUT I'M NOT READY.
WHAT?
WELL, YOU'D BETTER GET READY
BECAUSE IT'S TIME
FOR OUR CHALLENGE ROUND
WHERE OUR 2 CONTESTANTS
WILL BATTLE IT OUT
TO WIN CHAD'S HEART.
READY, CHAD?
LET'S DO IT.
LET'S BRING OUT OURTERMIDATE
CHALLENGE WHEEL!
[FANFARE PLAYING]
[APPLAUSE]
[MOUTHING WORDS]
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, CHAD.
YOU READY TO DO THIS?
DO IT, RODNEY.
ALL RIGHT.
[APPLAUSE]
ALL RIGHT,
COME ON DOWN, LADIES,
BECAUSE YOU'RE ABOUT TO FACE
ONE OF THESE CHALLENGES.
OR, IF YOU'RE LUCKY,
YOU MIGHT WALK AWAY WITH
ONE...MILLION...DOLLARS.
[AUDIENCE GASPING]
CHAD, LET'S DO IT.
[AUDIENCE WHISTLING
AND APPLAUDING]
IT'S SO EXCITING.
[SCREAMS]
YES! YES!
YEAH! YEAH!
[RAVEN SCREAMING]
Rodney: OH! THAT WAS SO CLOSE.
LADIES, WELCOME
TO THE STONE AGE.
[ANIMALS CALLING,
TRIBAL MUSIC PLAYING]
DON'T GO AWAY,
BECAUSE WE'LL BE BACK
WITH OUR 2 BATTLING
CAVE GIRLS RIGHT AFTER THIS.
[APPLAUSE]
COFFEE!
HEY! RIGHT AWAY.
COMING. WHOA, WHOA.
EASY.
HEY, SO, UH, AS ONE GUY
IN SHOW BIZ TO ANOTHER,
HOW DID YOU GET RAVEN
AND CHELSEA
TO BAD-MOUTH EACH OTHER
LIKE THAT?
IT'S EASY.
I FILM THEM SAYING NICE THINGS,
I TAKE OUT THE NICE.
ARE YOU ALLOWED
TO DO THAT?
HEY, IT'S REALITY TV, KID.
WHAT DO YOU THINK, IT'S REAL?
WHERE'S MY POWDERED DOUGHNUT?
OH, UH...I'LL
GET RIGHT ON THAT.
DON'T EVEN
WORRY ABOUT THAT.
YOU DO THAT.
OK.
[THUNDER CRASHING]
THIS IS THE LIFE.
NO PARENTS,
NO BABY-SITTERS...
NO PANTS!
TV announcer: AND NOW
BACK TO TONIGHT'S FEATURE
ONTOO SCARY FOR CHILDREN
THEATER:
EYE OF THE ZOMBIE II.
[FIENDISH LAUGHTER]
Woman: I'VE GOT MY EYE ON YOU.
HERE, LET ME GET IT OFF.
[WOMAN SCREAMING]
[YELLING]
[THUNDERING]
OH, MAN.
[WIND HOWLING]
[RATTLING]
[JIGGLING]
Woman [quivering voice]:
CORY!
IT KNOWS MY NAME.
[THUNDER ROLLS]
CORY!
[RAPPING AT DOOR]
[SCREAMS]
IT'S THE EYE
OF THE ZOMBIE!
CORY!
[THUNDERCLAP]
[SHIVERING]
WHERE DID I PUT
THAT SPARE KEY?
NO ONE-EYED ZOMBIE
IS GOING TO GET ME.
GOTCHA!
[LOCK OPENING]
[SCREAMING]
CORY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
UH...PRACTICING
MY BACKHAND.
AND MY TACKLING.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HOME?
I LEFT MY PURSE
AND MY--MY KEYS
AND THE WEDDING PRESENT.
WAIT A MINUTE.
I'LL ASK THE QUESTIONS
AROUND HERE.
WHERE IS MRS. WILSON?
OH. MS. WILSON,
YOU CAN COME OUT NOW!
YOU MUST HAVE SCARED HER OFF.
OK, CORY, I'M GOING TO TAKE
A WILD GUESS AND SAY THAT
MRS. WILSON NEVER SHOWED UP.
YOU'RE GOOD, MAMA.
AND DID YOU KNOW
SHE WASN'T COMING?
YEAH.
SHE CALLED
AND SAID SHE WAS SICK.
I'M SORRY I DIDN'T TELL YOU.
I THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE FUN
TO STAY HOME ALONE,
BUT I HATED IT.
DID YOU SAY HATE OR ATE?
[SIGHS]
AM I IN TROUBLE?
OH...
YEAH.
OK, BUT WE'LL
DISCUSS YOUR PUNISHMENT
AFTER THE WEDDING.
GO GET
YOUR GOOD SUIT ON.
I'M GOING?
YOU WANT TO
STAY HOME ALONE?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
JUST...OK.
[APPLAUSE]
WELCOME BACK TOTERMIDATE,
AND IT'S TIME
FOR OUR CHALLENGE.
SO, LET'S SAY HELLO TO OUR
STONE AGE CUTIES, RAVEN...
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERS]
AND CHELSEA.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
YOU'RE THE BACKSTABBER.
WHAT? RAE, WHERE IS THAT
EVEN COMING FROM?
GIRL, DO NOT
PLAY DUMB WITH ME.
I'M NOT PLAYING.
I'LL SAY NO MORE.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S SAVE
THE HOSTILITY, LADIES,
BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING
TO NEED IT
FOR THIS STONE AGE
CHALLENGE.
BECAUSE WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
OURSELVES AN OLD-FASHIONED
EGG-EATING CONTEST.
WE'RE GOING TO DO WHAT?
BUT NOT JUST ANY EGGS,
UH-UH.
DINOSAUR EGGS!
[APPLAUSE]
Rodney: THAT'S RIGHT,
CHAD LOVES A GIRL
WITH A BIG APPETITE.
IT'S TRUE, LADIES.
YOU A FREAK, AIN'T YOU?
[WHISPERING]: Hey, I got
to talk to both of y'all.
CAN WE GET
A DIFFERENT STAGEHAND?
WATCH YOUR HANDS, MAN.
ALL RIGHT, LADIES,
YOU READY?
OK.
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERS]
NOW, WHOEVER EATS
HER EGG THE FASTEST
NOT ONLY
WINS THIS CHALLENGE,
BUT THEY WIN
THE DREAM DATE WITH CHAD.
UNLESS, OF COURSE, ONE OF YOU
WANTS TO BACK OUT NOW.
NO WAY.
UH-UH, LET'S DO THIS.
I'M READY.
Rodney: ALL RIGHT.
HANDS BEHIND YOUR BACK.
CHADSTER.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
READY,
SET, EAT!
LET'S DO IT!
LET'S GO, LET'S GO!
IT'S GOING TO GO DOWN
TO THE WIRE.
Chad: COME ON, LADIES,
COME ON.
[BELL RINGS]
OH, AND THE WINNER IS...
IT'S A TIE!
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO GO TO OUR TIEBREAKER!
WHICH IS WHAT?
AND REMEMBER, GIRLS,
WHOEVER HOLDS ON THE LONGEST
GETS TO HOLD ON TO CHAD.
I'M NEVER GIVING UP.
YEAH, WELL, I'M NEVER
GIVING UP LONGER.
AND WHOEVER CAN'T HOLD ON
TAKES A DIP IN OUR TAR PIT
AND GETS...TERMIDATED!
PLEASE. I CAN STAY UP
ON THIS THING FOREVER.
RIGHT HAND!
LEFT HAND!
HUH. HEY, BET YOU
CAN'T DO NO HANDS.
OH, PLEASE. I...
OH, NO. I'M NOT FALLING
FOR THAT ONE, OK?
YOU KNOW WHAT I DON'T GET?
WHY DID YOU HAVE
TO TRASH-TALK ME ON TV?
RAE, I DID NOT
TRASH-TALK YOU.
YOU TRASH-TALKED ME.
YOU CALLED ME A LOSER.
WHAT? I NEVER SAID THAT.
THAT ONLY HAPPENED IN MY...
YOU KNOW, THAT THING I CAN'T
TALK ABOUT ON TELEVISION.
OK, IF YOU'RE TRYING
TO CONFUSE ME OR SOMETHING,
IT'S NOT GOING TO WORK.
OK, I'M A ROCK, MAN!
[GRUNTING]
OH, NO, SHE DIDN'T.
THAT'S RIGHT.
"RAVEN AND CHELSEA.
NICE VERSION."
[STRAINED VOICE]:
YOU'RE...
GOING...DOWN.
[STRAINED VOICE]: I'M...
I'M...I'M STAYING UP.
[STRAINING]
WHAT IS CHELSEA REALLY LIKE?
CHELSEA IS SUCH A GOOD FRIEND,
I WOULD NEVER WANT TO LOSE HER.
AND THAT'S COMING
FROM MY HEART.
WHAT?
YOU SAID THAT?
OH, MAN, IT SOUNDS
SO MUCH BETTER
WITH ALL THOSE
OTHER WORDS IN THERE.
WHO PLAYED THAT TAPE?
FIRST RULE IN SHOW BUSINESS:
NEVER LEAVE YOUR TAPES
BY THE DOUGHNUT TABLE, OK?
[CLICKING]
I DON'T KNOW WHY ANY BOY
WOULDN'T PICK RAVEN.
SHE'S A FANTASTIC FRIEND
AND NOT A BACKSTABBER.
OH, CHELS, THAT'S SO SWEET.
YOU KNOW WHAT, CHELS?
WHAT?
THEY MESSED WITH OUR TAPES.
I CAN'T EVEN BELIEVE
THAT I WOULD THINK
THAT YOU WOULD SAY
ALL THOSE MEAN THINGS
ABOUT ME.
YEAH, I GOT
CAUGHT UP, TOO, GIRL.
I'M SORRY.
AW, ME, TOO.
HUG?
HUG.
[GRUNTING]
YOU KNOW WHAT'S AMAZING?
HUH?
YOU HAVE A LOT OF
UPPER BODY STRENGTH.
THANKS, CHELS.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
I WORK OUT. YOU WORK OUT?
YEAH. I DO,
IT'S VERY IMPORTANT.
VERY IMPORTANT.
YOU SEE THAT?
YOU CANNOT TEAR US APART.
YEAH, YEAH,
YOU CANNOT MESS UP
OUR FRIENDSHIP OVER A BOY.
YEAH, NO MATTER HOW CUTE...
YEAH, OR ADORABLE...
...OR FUN HE MAY BE.
WE QUIT.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE SOMEONE
HAS TO FALL
INTO THIS VERY
EXPENSIVE TAR PIT.
ZAP 'EM!
[SCREAMING]
[GRUNTS AND GROANS]
Rodney: JUST KIDDING.
GETS THEM EVERY TIME.
WELL, THAT'S
OUR SHOW FOR TONIGHT.
TUNE IN NEXT WEEK
WHEN WE'LL TRY TO WORK OUT
THE KINKS IN OUR GAME
AND HOPEFULLY FIND
4 NEW LADIES
WHO DON'T HAVE THAT KIND
OF UPPER BODY STRENGTH.
UNTIL THEN, I'M RODNEY--
[YELLING]
OH! OH! OH!
SORRY, RODNEY!
YOU'VE JUST BEEN...
Raven and audience:
TERMIDATED!
GOOD NIGHT, EVERYBODY.
THANKS FOR WATCHING!
GOOD NIGHT.
BYE!
[APPLAUSE]
YO. THE WHOLE SCHOOL
IS TALKING.
EVERYBODY SAW Y'ALL
ON TV YESTERDAY.
OOH! DID THEY THINK
WE WERE COOL?
DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME,
RAE?
THEY ALL SAW YOU.
CAN YOU EVEN BELIEVE
HOW COMPETITIVE WE GOT?
I KNOW, I KNOW, BUT I COULD
HAVE HELD ON TO THAT BAR
FOR, LIKE,
ANOTHER 5 MINUTES.
YEAH, I COULD HAVE DONE
AT LEAST ANOTHER,
I DON'T KNOW, 10.
YEAH, 15.
20.
YOU THINK SO?
I KNOW SO.
THEN BRING IT.
LOOK, Y'ALL,
I'VE GOT HOMEWORK.
I'LL HOLLER AT Y'ALL.
TIRED?
NO.
YOU?
NO. NO, I'M GOOD.
GOOD.
OH!
I'M...GREAT.
I'M BETTER.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
ABC CABLE NETWORKS GROUP
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
THE NATIONAL CAPTIONING
INSTITUTE, INC.